Thank you for the reminder
But about Lin Xiyue and me
Don't bother with leftover women
Okay, you don't know what to do.
The leftover girl kindly reminds you that you dare to be so presumptuous
Leftover girl, this kid is just a fourth grade
It's really unreasonable. See for yourself, I'll teach him a lesson first
Noble is strictly prohibited from cannibalism
Are you trying to ignore the rules in front of me?
Also Wuji, with your talent
Just grow up
Even if it's not as good as me
That is also a strong sect
I advise you.
Don't think about going to Yunxiao Sect to die
If you don't stir up trouble
Then I am the saint of Skywolf Gate
Nature will also protect you
I didn't expect this cold Qiuhua
He looks very conceited.
The form is fair
Yo
Isn't this the cold saintess that everyone looks down on every day?
Which one are you teaching here?
Tell your little brother, but I'm covering it
Good words are hard to persuade, damn ghost
Ye Wuji hopes you are not a fool
Hey you guy who turns his eyes to the top of his head
Who is Shuncai? Little Senior Sister
Everyone is gone
This cold heart is so annoying
If I hadn't beaten him
I had to give him a good beating to get out of the way.
What kind of hatred does Leng Junhua have with you?
So much resentment
Oh forget it
My father praised him in front of me every day since I was a child
Isn't it just talent?
Why look down on this and look down on that?
No, I have to have a theory with him today
Who is the fool?
Humph
Is it the night inorganic night vision emperor?